DOC-425 part 6: Pindel, Pindel Annotation, SeSAMe Methylation Beta Estimation, Seurat - 10x Chromium, STAR - Counts, STAR 2-Pass Chimeric, STAR 2-Pass Genome, STAR 2-Pass Transcriptome, STAR-Fusion (#364)
NCI-GDC/gdc-docs: docs/Encyclopedia/pages/Pindel.md

# Pindel

## Description ##

Pindel is a somatic variant calling pipeline used in GDC whole genome sequencing (WGS), whole exome sequencing (WXS) and targeted sequencing harmonization.

## Overview ##

> Pindel is one of the pipelines used for WGS, WXS and targeted sequencing somatic variant calling at the GDC. Somatic variant calling is performed with Pindel using tumor and normal alignments and generates simple nucleotide variation (SNV) data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pindel is one of the pipelines used for WGS, WXS and targeted sequencing somatic variant calling at the GDC. Somatic variant calling is performed with Pindel using tumor and normal alignments and generates indel data.
```

Author: changed
